layout: post
title: "外贸基础"
category: Trade
---

## Professionalism

- 了解市场
- 懂谈判
- 专注细节
- 了解验货标准
- 培养独特的思维方式
- 危机处理的手段和意识
- 了解海外市场和一些区域市场
- 了解测试要求和相关法律法规
- 懂付款，懂单证
- 懂人文文化

## Be yourself, be your sole

    Be yourself, be your sole

## Some wrong issues & thinking ways

- No price advantage, no quality advantage, how can i develop customers and get orders?
- Platform is not good. No fairs, no B2B, how could I proceed?
- We're a trading company, not a factory. It is difficult to get orders.
- Our product is raw material, our product is technical machinery, ect. I can't make several suggestions on the packaging, the logo, the size, and so on.
- Our products belong to standard items, with no differentiation. No cutomers will only focus on the price.

### Price & Quality

It is most confused by junior sales rep（初级销售代表）, especially by green hand(新手).

But actually, customer will not choose the best price or best quality. Because it couldn't be calculated. They have to find a reference substance for comparison. If you cometitor quoted USD3.5/pc, so you offer USD4.2/pc was expensive.

However, if you couldn't let customer to find a ref substance? What is the result? Cusomer cannot figure out the pricing is good or not. He could only compare with the retail price to evaluate the price, with no toher choice.

Then, quality, what is the most evidence? I think the testing report or testing regulation is the must. You could show customer your testing report or cert to demonstrate the quality.


